README.md, before:

# Zalando Textmining

## Installation instructions for Windows

### NLTK Installation
1. make sure python is installed
2. execute <code>pip install nltk</code> in the terminal
3. download nltk data by opening python and run:
```
>>> import nltk
>>> nltk.download()
```
4. select <code>C:/nltk_data</code> as the destination folder and select <code>download_all</code> in the list and then click on download
5. have fun

### GENSIM installation (no working guide yet)

---

## Installation instructions for Debian Linux (Ubuntu)

### NLTK Installation
1. open terminal and execute <code>pip install nltk</code>
2. make sure in downloader.py line 380 in <code>/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/nltk/</code> the <code>DEFAULT_URL</code> is set to <code>"http://nltk.github.com/nltk_data/"</code>
3. download nltk data by executing this command:
```
~$ sudo python -m nltk.downloader -d /usr/local/share/nltk_data all
```
4. have fun

### GENSIM installation

#### Dependencies

1. Python >= 2.7
2. NumPy >= 1.10
3. Scipy >= 0.16

#### Installation
open the terminal and execute the following code:
```bash
~$ sudo apt-get install libamd2.* libblas3gf libc6 libgcc1 \
libgfortran3 liblapack3gf libumfpack5.* libstdc++6 \
build-essential gfortran python-all-dev \
libatlas-base-dev python-tk

~$ sudo apt-get install python-setuptools

~$ sudo easy_install pip

~$ sudo pip install --upgrade gensim
(NumPy and SciPy would be downloaded automatically)
```

All dependencies should be resolved and installation is complete to use *GENSIM*

### Additional Packages
open the terminal and execute the following code:
```bash
~$ sudo pip install texttable
```

## Glove setup
To use the Glove Word2Vec in the GUI you need to download the [pre-trained word vectors with 840B tokens](http://nlp.stanford.edu/data/glove.840B.300d.zip) from [http://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/glove/](http://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/glove/) and save the text file as "common.840B.300d.txt" in a self created folder named "fashion-mining\data\tmp".

Commit message:

Update readme with slides link
Former-commit-id: b241d8879765336081687ac537773b45a45fcbe3

README.md, after:

# Zalando Textmining

## What is this about?

[Slides about the purpose and the functionality of this project (german)](Zalando_Textmining.pdf)

## Installation instructions for Windows

### NLTK Installation
1. make sure python is installed
2. execute <code>pip install nltk</code> in the terminal
3. download nltk data by opening python and run:
```
>>> import nltk
>>> nltk.download()
```
4. select <code>C:/nltk_data</code> as the destination folder and select <code>download_all</code> in the list and then click on download
5. have fun

### GENSIM installation (no working guide yet)

---

## Installation instructions for Debian Linux (Ubuntu)

### NLTK Installation
1. open terminal and execute <code>pip install nltk</code>
2. make sure in downloader.py line 380 in <code>/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/nltk/</code> the <code>DEFAULT_URL</code> is set to <code>"http://nltk.github.com/nltk_data/"</code>
3. download nltk data by executing this command:
```
~$ sudo python -m nltk.downloader -d /usr/local/share/nltk_data all
```
4. have fun

### GENSIM installation

#### Dependencies

1. Python >= 2.7
2. NumPy >= 1.10
3. Scipy >= 0.16

#### Installation
open the terminal and execute the following code:
```bash
~$ sudo apt-get install libamd2.* libblas3gf libc6 libgcc1 \
libgfortran3 liblapack3gf libumfpack5.* libstdc++6 \
build-essential gfortran python-all-dev \
libatlas-base-dev python-tk

~$ sudo apt-get install python-setuptools

~$ sudo easy_install pip

~$ sudo pip install --upgrade gensim
(NumPy and SciPy would be downloaded automatically)
```

All dependencies should be resolved and installation is complete to use *GENSIM*

### Additional Packages
open the terminal and execute the following code:
```bash
~$ sudo pip install texttable
```

## Glove setup
To use the Glove Word2Vec in the GUI you need to download the [pre-trained word vectors with 840B tokens](http://nlp.stanford.edu/data/glove.840B.300d.zip) from [http://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/glove/](http://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/glove/) and save the text file as "common.840B.300d.txt" in a self created folder named "fashion-mining\data\tmp".
